b
## Lab 03

- Name: Dipika Jirel
- Email: jirel.2@wright.edu

## Part 1 Answers

1. `ssh` command before configuring `config` file:
   `ssh -i ./labsuser.pem ubuntu@44.217.99.208`
2. HostName: `44.217.99.208`
3. User: `ubuntu`
4. IdentityFile: `/home/deepikajirel/labsuser.pem`
5. `~/.ssh/config` contents:

```
Host 2350
        HostName 44.217.99.208
        User ubuntu
        Identityfile /home/deepikajirel/labsuser.pem
        Port 22
```

6. `ssh` command after configuring an entry in the `config` file:
`ssh 2350`

## Part 2 Answers

1. `printenv HOME > thishouse`</br>
   - `The above command retrives the path of the user's home directory and write it to a file name thishouse. If this fileName does not exist then it will create a new one.`
2. `cat doesnotexist 2>> hush.txt`</br>
   `The above command read and displays the content of a non existing file. The error message will generated by this attempt and the error message will be write in hush.txt file if this file doesnot exist it will create a new one else it will write the error message without overwritting it's existing contents.`
3. `cat nums.txt | sort -n >> all_nums.txt`</br>
   `The above command reads the contents of nums.txt, the numbers in it numerically,appends the sorted numbers to all_nums.txt.It does not modify nums.txt but may add new content to all_nums.txt.`
4. `cat <<br "DONE" > here.txt`</br>
   - `THe above command lets the user to manually input text until the delimiter DONE is encountered, and then writes that text to the here.txt file`
5. `ls -lt ~ | head`</br>
   - `The above command lists the files in home directory (~) in a detailed, long format, sorted by the most recently modified files first, and then shows only the first 10 files from that list.`
6. `history | grep ".md"`</br>
   - `The above command will search your command history for any commands that involved .md files like Markdown files, and display only those commands from the history list.`

## Part 3

Verify that `roll` made it to your GitHub repository for this course and is in your `Lab03` folder.  No answers will be written here unless you would like to leave a note to the TAs

## Part 4 - Retrospective Answers

1. Where and when did it go wrong while working on your script tasks?
> Your reflection here
2. Was anything familiar working with a new language compared to one you are used to?
> Your reflection here
3. Did you write good `commit` messages that refer to what tasks were completed at each commit?  What would you improve?
> Your reflection here

## Part 5 Answers

1. PATH =
2. To set condition to `true`, I need to...
3. Command(s):
4. PATH =
   - Difference:
5. Command(s):
6. Commands & modification explanations: 
7. Script permission breakdown
   - User
      - must be:
      - has permissions to:
   - Group
      - must be:
      - has permissions to:
   - Other
      - has permissions to:

## Extra Credit

1. Note here *what* you did to the script for the extra credit.